<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
<title>Appendix E: Las Vegas Property Quick Reference</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="section-head"><span class="num" style="color:#888;">E</span>Las Vegas Property Quick Reference</div>
  <p style="font-size:9pt;color:#666;font-style:italic;margin-bottom:.12in;">Table minimums, room hours, and loyalty programs for major Strip baccarat rooms. Conditions change frequently; confirm current minimums with the property before your visit. Minimums shown are typical weekday floor rates; weekend and holiday minimums are often 2–3× higher.</p>

  <table>
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <th>Property</th>
        <th>Loyalty Program</th>
        <th>Commission</th>
        <th>Table Format</th>
        <th>Typical Min. (Weekday)</th>
        <th>Room Hours (Approx.)</th>
        <th>High-Limit Room</th>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr><td class="bold">Bellagio</td><td>MGM Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Full-size + Mini</td><td>$25–$50</td><td>2pm – 4am</td><td class="good">Yes</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">ARIA</td><td>MGM Rewards</td><td>5% / some 4%</td><td>Full-size + Mini</td><td>$25</td><td>12pm – 4am</td><td class="good">Yes</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">MGM Grand</td><td>MGM Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Full-size + Mini</td><td>$15–$25</td><td>2pm – 4am</td><td class="good">Yes</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">Mandalay Bay</td><td>MGM Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Full-size + Mini</td><td>$15–$25</td><td>2pm – 3am</td><td class="good">Yes</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">Park MGM</td><td>MGM Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Mini</td><td>$15</td><td>2pm – 3am</td><td>No</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">Caesars Palace</td><td>Caesars Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Full-size + Mini</td><td>$25–$50</td><td>12pm – 4am</td><td class="good">Yes</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">Paris Las Vegas</td><td>Caesars Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Mini</td><td>$15–$25</td><td>2pm – 3am</td><td>No</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">Planet Hollywood</td><td>Caesars Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Mini</td><td>$15–$25</td><td>2pm – 3am</td><td>No</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">Horseshoe LV</td><td>Caesars Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Mini</td><td>$10–$15</td><td>4pm – 3am</td><td>No</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">Wynn Las Vegas</td><td>Wynn Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Full-size + Mini</td><td>$25–$50</td><td>12pm – 4am</td><td class="good">Yes</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">Encore</td><td>Wynn Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Full-size + Mini</td><td>$25–$50</td><td>12pm – 4am</td><td class="good">Yes</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">The Venetian</td><td>Venetian Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Full-size + Mini</td><td>$25–$50</td><td>12pm – 4am</td><td class="good">Yes</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">The Palazzo</td><td>Venetian Rewards</td><td>5%</td><td>Full-size + Mini</td><td>$25–$50</td><td>12pm – 4am</td><td class="good">Yes</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">The Cosmopolitan</td><td>Identity</td><td>EZ (no comm.)</td><td>Full-size + Mini</td><td>$25</td><td>12pm – 4am</td><td class="good">Yes</td></tr>
      <tr><td class="bold">Treasure Island</td><td>Mlife / standalone</td><td>5%</td><td>Mini</td><td>$10–$15</td><td>6pm – 2am</td><td>No</td></tr>
    </tbody>
  </table>

  <h3>Reading the Table</h3>
  <div class="two-col" style="margin:.1in 0 .14in;">
    <div>
      <p><strong>Commission 5% vs. 4%:</strong> A 4% commission table lowers the Banker house edge from 1.06% to approximately 0.60%, meaningful over a long session. ARIA is the most consistently mentioned Strip property for occasional 4% availability. Ask the floor before sitting.</p>
      <p><strong>EZ Baccarat:</strong> No commission on any Banker win, but a Banker natural 7 pushes (no payout). The Cosmopolitan runs primarily EZ tables. The adjusted Banker edge at EZ is approximately 1.02%, slightly better than standard 5% commission.</p>
    </div>
    <div>
      <p><strong>Full-size vs. Mini:</strong> Full-size tables (up to 14 players) allow the squeeze ritual and a slower, more social pace. Mini tables (up to 7) move faster and dealers handle all cards with no squeeze available. High-limit rooms are always full-size.</p>
      <p><strong>Weekend minimums:</strong> On Friday and Saturday nights, many Strip properties double or triple their minimum bets. A $25 weekday table may run $75–$100 on Saturday. If minimums matter to your bankroll, target weekday afternoon sessions.</p>
    </div>
  </div>

  <div class="callout"><strong>Off-Strip options for lower minimums:</strong> Downtown Las Vegas (Fremont Street area) casinos, including Golden Nugget and Binion's, typically offer baccarat at $5–$10 minimums. The rooms are smaller and less formal, but the rules and odds are identical to any Strip property.</div>

  <div class="page-footer"><span>Road to Nine</span><span>BaccaratGladiator.com</span><span>43</span></div>
</div>

<!-- APPENDIX F: INTERNATIONAL PROPERTY QUICK REFERENCE -->
<div class="page inner" style="position:relative;">
  
</body>
</html>