<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Chapter 3 — Third-Card Rules</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>3. Third-Card Rules</h1>

<p>These rules are <strong>fixed</strong> — neither you nor the dealer makes a choice. The third card is drawn automatically based on the two-card totals. You never need to memorize these to play, but understanding them helps you read why a hand unfolded the way it did.</p>

<h2>Player Third-Card Rule</h2>
<table>
  <thead><tr><th>Player Total (2 cards)</th><th>Action</th></tr></thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr><td>0, 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5</td><td class="bad">Draw a third card</td></tr>
    <tr><td>6 or 7</td><td class="good">Stand — no third card</td></tr>
    <tr><td>8 or 9</td><td class="bold">Natural — hand ends immediately</td></tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h2>Banker Third-Card Rule</h2>
<p>The Banker rule depends on whether the Player drew a third card and what that card was.</p>

<h3>If Player did NOT draw a third card (Player stood on 6 or 7):</h3>
<table>
  <thead><tr><th>Banker Total</th><th>Action</th></tr></thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr><td>0 – 5</td><td class="bad">Draw</td></tr>
    <tr><td>6 – 7</td><td class="good">Stand</td></tr>
    <tr><td>8 – 9</td><td class="bold">Natural — hand ends</td></tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<h3>If Player DID draw a third card:</h3>
<table>
  <thead><tr><th>Banker Total</th><th>Draws when Player's 3rd card is…</th><th>Stands when…</th></tr></thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr><td class="bold">0, 1, or 2</td><td>Always draws</td><td>—</td></tr>
    <tr><td class="bold">3</td><td>0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9</td><td>8</td></tr>
    <tr><td class="bold">4</td><td>2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7</td><td>0, 1, 8, 9</td></tr>
    <tr><td class="bold">5</td><td>4, 5, 6, 7</td><td>0, 1, 2, 3, 8, 9</td></tr>
    <tr><td class="bold">6</td><td>6, 7</td><td>0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9</td></tr>
    <tr><td class="bold">7</td><td>Always stands</td><td>—</td></tr>
    <tr><td class="bold">8 – 9</td><td>Natural — hand ends</td><td>—</td></tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<div class="callout">
  <strong>Memory shortcut:</strong> Banker on 3 draws unless Player's third card was an 8. Banker on 6 only draws if Player's third card was a 6 or 7. Everything else follows the pattern of drawing on low totals and standing on high.
</div>

<div class="callout tip">
  <strong>Practice tip:</strong> Baccarat Gladiator applies all third-card rules automatically. Watch the cards deal and you'll internalize the rules naturally within a few shoes.
</div>
</body>
</html>
