<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Chapter 5 — Betting Systems</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>5. Betting Systems</h1>

<p>No betting system can change the house edge — but they can change how you experience a session. A flat-bet grinder feels different from a Martingale player even when both lose the same expected amount over time. Choose the system that matches your risk tolerance and session goals.</p>

<div class="callout warn">
  <strong>Important:</strong> Every hand in baccarat is statistically independent. No system predicts or guarantees wins. Use systems to manage your bankroll behaviour, not to beat the house.
</div>

<hr/>

<div class="bsys">
  <div class="bsys-name">Flat Bet <span class="risk-low">[Low Risk]</span></div>
  <div class="bsys-seq">Bet the same amount every hand.</div>
  <p style="margin-top:0.4em;font-size:0.9em;">Best for: long sessions, lowest variance, pure enjoyment. Slowest growth during winning streaks.</p>
</div>

<div class="bsys">
  <div class="bsys-name">Paroli <span class="risk-low">[Low Risk]</span></div>
  <div class="bsys-seq">Win: double up (max 3 wins), then reset to 1 unit.</div>
  <p style="margin-top:0.4em;font-size:0.9em;">Best for: riding hot streaks without risking original bankroll. Requires 3 consecutive wins to max out the cycle.</p>
</div>

<div class="bsys">
  <div class="bsys-name">1-3-2-6 <span class="risk-med">[Medium Risk]</span></div>
  <div class="bsys-seq">Bet sequence: 1 → 3 → 2 → 6, then reset. Reset on any loss.</div>
  <p style="margin-top:0.4em;font-size:0.9em;">Best for: balanced play — limits downside while capturing 4-win runs. Losing on the 3rd or 4th bet costs the cycle profit.</p>
</div>

<div class="bsys">
  <div class="bsys-name">Fibonacci <span class="risk-med">[Medium Risk]</span></div>
  <div class="bsys-seq">Sequence: 1 · 1 · 2 · 3 · 5 · 8 · 13 · 21… Step back 2 on a win.</div>
  <p style="margin-top:0.4em;font-size:0.9em;">Best for: slower negative progression than Martingale. Long losing runs still escalate quickly.</p>
</div>

<div class="bsys">
  <div class="bsys-name">Martingale <span class="risk-high">[High Risk]</span></div>
  <div class="bsys-seq">Double your bet after every loss. Reset to 1 unit on a win.</div>
  <p style="margin-top:0.4em;font-size:0.9em;">Best for: short sessions near table minimum. Warning: 6 straight losses turns 1 unit into 64 units — table limits and bankroll will end the run before you recover.</p>
</div>

<hr/>

<h2>Session Management Rules</h2>
<p>Set these limits before every session, regardless of which system you use:</p>
<table>
  <thead><tr><th>Rule</th><th>Suggested Threshold</th></tr></thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr><td class="bold">Stop-loss</td><td>Leave when you lose 40% of your session bankroll</td></tr>
    <tr><td class="bold">Win goal</td><td>Lock in profit when you are up 30–50%</td></tr>
    <tr><td class="bold">Time limit</td><td>Set a hard end time regardless of results</td></tr>
    <tr><td class="bold">Max bet size</td><td>Single bet ≤ 2–5% of session bankroll</td></tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<div class="callout tip">
  <strong>Baccarat Gladiator tip:</strong> The app's Betting System Engine automatically suggests your next bet based on your chosen system and session history. Toggle it in the sidebar to try each system risk-free.
</div>
</body>
</html>
