<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Chapter 7 — The Mental Game</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="styles.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>7. The Mental Game</h1>

<p>The casino is engineered for your psychological disadvantage. No clocks. No windows. Oxygen-rich air, free drinks, comfortable chairs, and a layout designed to make the exit feel far away. You don't need to beat the house edge to have a profitable session — you need to beat your own psychology first.</p>

<h2>Tilt</h2>
<p>Borrowed from poker, "tilt" describes the state where emotional frustration causes irrational betting. In baccarat, it typically looks like: a streak of losses → frustrated increase in bet size → more losses → maximum bet placed on Tie "to get it back." The Tie bet has a 14.36% house edge. Tilt doesn't create that bet; it removes the self-control that would otherwise prevent it.</p>
<div class="callout warn"><strong>Tilt signal:</strong> If you've increased your bet size because you're losing, you are on tilt. Stand up, walk away from the table, and do not return for at least 20 minutes.</div>

<h2>Loss Aversion</h2>
<p>Behavioural economists have found that losses feel roughly twice as painful as equivalent gains feel pleasurable. Losing $100 hurts more than winning $100 feels good. At the baccarat table, this creates a dangerous asymmetry: players take on more risk to avoid locking in a loss than they would to secure an equivalent gain. The stop-loss rule in Chapter 6 exists specifically to override this instinct.</p>

<h2>The Gambler's Fallacy in Practice</h2>
<p>After seven consecutive Banker wins, the most common bet in the room is Player. The logic: "it has to switch eventually." The reality: the shoe has no memory. The probability of the 8th hand being Banker is the same as the first. If anything, a long Banker streak slightly increases the probability of another Banker win, because the composition of remaining cards in the shoe is marginally Banker-favourable — but this effect is tiny and not actionable.</p>

<h2>Rules for the Mental Game</h2>
<table>
  <thead><tr><th>Situation</th><th>Rule</th></tr></thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr><td>Down 40% of session bankroll</td><td class="bold">Leave. No exceptions.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Up significantly — feel invincible</td><td class="bold">Pocket 50% of winnings. Play with the rest.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Considering a Tie bet</td><td class="bold">Ask yourself if you're chasing. You probably are.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Considering a larger-than-normal bet</td><td class="bold">Why? If the answer involves recent losses, don't.</td></tr>
    <tr><td>Feeling unlucky, frustrated, or angry</td><td class="bold">Leave now. Emotion and baccarat do not mix.</td></tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<blockquote><p>"The most dangerous player at any baccarat table is the one who is almost even."</p></blockquote>
</body>
</html>
